Spock, I'll pick you up!
Negative.
It's our only chance
to save the species.
When the volcano erupts, the planet dies.
Pick it!
Now!
Subtitles downloaded from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Spock, are you all right?
Surprisingly, I'm still alive.
Rãmâneþi the reception hall.
Come to save him.
I'm the team and I go down.
Had to abandon the shuttle.
- You can not leave him there, Sulu!
- We have no choice.
Sorry, Uhura.
Spock back
Enterprise.
Bump us.
Captain abandoned spacecraft.
You must ajungeþi
alone on the Enterprise.
Gorgeous.
- Uhura, you're ready to iNOS?
- Yes.
Jim, the beach is the other.
19th
I know.
We do not go to the beach!
Oh no!
I hate that!
I know!
And how ridiculous is Tisi
to hide a ship on the ocean floor?
All sitting here last night.
A saltwater erode ...
Scotty!
Where is Spock?
26th
All the volcano, sir.
27th
Captain on the bridge!
28th
Lieutenant, you open a channel
for Mr. Spock?
29th
Heat affects his communicator
but we are still in touch with him.
Spock!
I activated the device, Captain.
At the end of the countdown,
reacþia a volcano make inert.
Yeah, make him him and inert.
- We can use the transporter?
- Negative, sir.
- Not in the magnetic field ...
- I want to beam Spock here.
Finds a solution!
If we have direct sightlines ...
No way.
I had to do
with an active volcano.
Sir, if I erupts, do not guarantee
that will withstand the heat.
I do not know if we menþine altitude.
Our shuttle was hidden
The cloud of ashes,
but Enterprise is too high.
If demaraþi a rescue action,
Note the indigenous species Vesi be.
Spock, nobody knows
rules better than you,
But there must be an exception.
Nothing.
It's an action that violates
First director.
Shut up, Spock.
Trying to save you!
Doctor weigh the needs of the milking
more than the needs of the least.
Spock's your life of the game.
Regulation can not
be violated in any ...
Trying to reconnect.
90 seconds to detonation.
If Spock were here
And I go, what should I do?
You would let you die.
Are you okay?
Captain, did you let us see the ship.
He has nothing.
- Bridge to Captain Kirk.
- Yes, lt.
Commander Spock aboard, sir?
Alive and unharmed.
Comunicaþi him that detonation
successfully held device.
Have you heard?
Congratulations, Spock.
You just saved the world.
Aces violated the First Directive.
Come on, Spock.
We have seen.
Big deal.
Star Trek
In the dark
I Royal Hospital of Pediatrics
I can save.
What did you say?
Your daughter.
Who are you?
Get back.
Forget that.
Just not an answer, is not it?
I San Francisco
Starfleet Headquarters
Spock, listen.
That's why we called.
Feel.
Leaving emotions aside,
I think it's very unlikely
us to be select
for the new program.
Why else would we call Pike?
It's not routine.
He gave us the newest ship in the fleet.
- I was sure of and i
- There are numerous the possibilities ...
A five-year mission, Spock.
Unexplored space,
uncharted territories.
Think about how you'll be thrilling.
Hello, ladies.
Jim Kirk.
- Nothing remarkable.
- Admiral?
So you describe exploration
Nibiru in Captain's Log.
Yes, sir, I wanted to lose
time with the details.
Fish Story me more
about the volcano.
Sensors show is very unstable.
If you erupt, you desolate planet.
- Hopefully not erupt, sir.
- May I fish story.
Unstable is a relative term.
I think I had the wrong information.
Or maybe erupted
Because Mr. Spock
detonated a device
Cold fusion within him,
immediately after a civilization
hardly invented the wheel
saw a ship spaces
how to pick up from the ocean.
That's how you describe the situation, right?
- I ...
- Did you write a report?
Why did not you tell me?
I assumed wrongly that Vesi says
Truth in Captain's Log.
Yeah, I'd have said
If I was forced to save life of.
A fact for which you are
deeply grateful
And why we considered
need to take responsibility
the actions taken ...
Yes, you have a noble eared
unless you give me and push the pit.
Toad?
Is it
an offensive term?
Gentlemen.
Starfleet's mission to observe
And to explore, not to intervene.
If the mission had gone
as planned, Admiral,
indigenous species would be found
The intervention never ours.
- It's a technicality.
- Are Vulcan, sir.
- We focus on technical details.
- Leave that attitude, Spock.
Show more attitude
At the same time, sir.
- At your referiþi?
- Out.
You're free, Commander.
You know what pain you?
I think so, sir.
Tell me if you know what you wrong.
What you Invasive LECS now?
Do not trust a Vulcan.
See?
Not even possible
to answer questions.
You mins.
You mins in a formal report.
Do you think the rules did not apply
Because you're not agree with them.
So I convinced to join up aces.
Therefore I gave aces ship.
And I gave the ship
Because I saw you potentially.
And now I see
that you have no hint of modesty.
What to do?
- Spock let him die?
- That's not the point.
I think not, sir.
You have done what aces?
I would not have risked life of
Prime ofiþerului my first.
Needs to investigate a planet
not change his destiny.
You've broken dozens of rules of Fleet
And it was to kill the crew.
But I did.
And Tisi CASI members of the crew have lost ...
- ...
since I took command?
- This and the defect is.
- You think you're infallible.
- Not one.
You think not possible to make mistakes.
Always the same story with you.
- Rules are for the ALSI.
- It should.
And what's worse is that uses your
luck as an excuse
to prance.
Given the circumstances,
question came from Admiral Marcus.
He convened a special court
to which I was invited.
Understanding the rules requiring Fleet
to do in such a situation?
And they took command Enterprise.
You're sent back to the academy.
Admiral, ascultaþi.
No, why should I listen?
You do not asculþi
anyone but you.
Not possible to asculþi.
No strands to the rules,
not take responsibility for anything,
Respecþi and not the function.
Do you know why?
Because you're not ready for it.
I London
I archive Kelvin memorial
I was sent
To: Admiral Marcus
- How did you find?
- I know you better than you think.
I first met
in a dive like that.
IBS mind?
Have you eaten
a beating.
- No.
- No strands mind?
- No, it was ...
- You took a hell of a beating.
- You were and erveþele nose.
Not you?
Yes, it was a decent swing.
A decent swing.
Look, that's your problem.
I gave it back.
Enterprise.
Congratulations.
Let Aves Prime ofiþerul great care.
Spock never going to work with me.
He was transferred.
The USS Bradbury.
You'll be my first ofiþer.
Yes, I was slightly
to convince Marcus.
But sometimes I can be very eloquent.
-177
Truth.
I believe in you.
And that Jim Kirk deserves a second chance.
I do not know what to say.
Now that premiere.
It's all right, son.
And the emergency edinþã the Daystrom.
We name.
Yes.
Put the uniform.
- Captain.
- I'm not captain, Spock.
I first ofiþer.
I was relegated
And you were moved.
Glad to see
that the consequences were not more serious.
You gotta be kidding.
- Captain, my intention was not ...
- No captain.
And I saved the life of Spock.
You wrote
report and I lost my ship.
Commander, I realize now that had
announced that I sent you the report.
I know your obsession
to follow the rules,
but I can not do that.
Here, when someone saves life of me,
not stick a Cushite back.
Vulcans do not lie.
Then I ask
human side of you.
Understanding why I came after you?
Commander Spock?
I'm Frank Abbott
We'll work with me.
Yes, Captain.
Do you know ...
...
That you and I miss.
Admiral Marcus arrives.
Thanked aces that came so quickly.
Had taken place.
Perhaps some of you have found
already that happened in London.
Sinta was an archive of the Fleet.
Now it's just a smoking crater.
42 people are Morse.
An hour ago, I received a message
from Starfleet ofiþer
who told me
that he committed the bombing.
He was forced by this man,
Commander John Harrison.
He's one of of our.
He's guilty
this act of cruelty.
For unknown reasons, John Harrison
declared war fleet alone.
We must not allow in any case
Federation spaces to flee.
I comandaþi all ships in the region.
And on behalf of
that we lost,
We'll încolþiþi the bastard.
It's a manhunt.
Let's do it.
Perimeter sensors Earth
signals were detected in warp
within the system
So we know that can not be far.
Vesi has ships
the formations of the blockade,
Vesi and organize search teams ...
This man does not forbid you to kill ...
Are Authorized
to Use the specified torque to defend.
- What's in the briefcase?
- Not now.
Not seem strange
they are is an archive?
It's as if a library would attack.
Chris, is everything okay?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Kirk still accommodates
the role of Prime ofiþer.
If you have something to say, Kirk,
says.
Tomorrow may be too late.
Nothing, sir.
I apologize.
Go ahead.
Do not be shy.
Why this archive?
All the information
there were public.
When will necessarily
to strike fleet
This could be just the beginning.
Top of that, Mr. Kirk?
Sir, in case of attack,
Protocol dictates
as ofiþerii commanders,
masters and Prime ofiþeri, to gather
Starfleet Headquarters, here.
In this room.
How can Harrison to reach
here without a ship with warp drive ...
Out!
We need air defense
the room and the Daystrom Edina.
Commander, Mr. Scott found
Harrison's ship wreck something.
We called the emergency.
Captain, I found this among the remains
shuttle.
So crooked escaped.
- What do you mean?
- It's a portable conveyor transwarp.
- Possible to find out where he went?
- We have already learned, sir.
I'll enjoy.
Went in one place
where we can not go.
Admiral, not on Earth.
It's on the Kronos, sir.
I request you depending repuneþi
I sent them and I'm going after him.
Leave the us a minute.
- Kronos?
- Yes, sir.
So Harrison took
parent planet Klingon?
- A deserted?
- Not sure, sir.
It was established in the province Keth,
uninhabited region.
Hiding there, sir.
He knows that if we approach
The Klingon spaces, there will be war.
Fleet can not go
after him, but I did.
Please, sir.
The war with the Klingons is inevitable,
Mr. Kirk.
My guess has begun.
Ever since I learned of their existence,
Klingon Empire
already conquered and occupied two planets.
They fired about six times
in our ships.
Moving towards us.
Buildings in London was not a cache.
It was the headquarters of a secret division of the Fleet
called Section 31.
Working on defensive technologies
Ofiþeri trained and to obtain
information about Klingons
And Al and potential enemies
able to hit us.
Harrison was one of the best
you of our servants.
Now it's a runner and want to remove it.
Pike always said you're one
of the men of our isteþi.
You should have heard him defend yourself.
He has convinced
to enlist in Starfleet, is not it?
Yes, sir.
And say who persuaded him
him to enlist?
I am responsible for his death.
And I will be yours.
Sir, please.
All you ...
Mr. Spock, you said that the province
the hides Harrison
uninhabited?
In our defensive strategy,
Section 31 created
a new type of photon torpedo.
It has long range, it's screen.
It'll be invisible
Klingon sensors.
I do not want to get hurt,
but I want to remove.
You stop at the edge of the Neutral Zone,
Sinti and your position Harrison,
open fire, killing him
And take her soles and ISAs.
Permission to take
Mr. Spock as first ofiþer.
Agreement.
Jim?
- Where were you?
- For what?
Medical examinations.
10:00 Now, you've been
by a shootout.
- It's my duty to ...
- I'm fine, Bones.
Hell!
I'm fine.
Situation report, Mr. Spock.
Enterprise will be ready for launch
until our arrival.
Good.
Thanked.
Captain!
I thanked that reinstated depending aces.
Welcome.
Since you are and Prime ofiþer,
it is my duty
I object strongly to
against mission conditions.
Bineînþeles.
There are no rules in the navy to condemn
a man to death without trial.
One thing you
Admiral Marcus aces and forgotten.
Moreover, preventive launch torpedoes
Klingon Homeworld by violating ...
You said that the area was uninhabited.
It'll be one victim.
In case you have not heard, our orders
Fleet unrelated rules.
Stay least.
Firing torpedoes
the Klingons?
With or without rules or action is immoral.
With or without rules, was moral
to save you from the volcano.
- And this is what I walked.
- Jim, calm down.
Do not stop to take ethics lecþii
of the robot.
Resorting to insults suggests
Aves that a defensive attitude
And that my opinion is correct.
Not asked their opinion.
Bones, get this off my diaper.
Captain, our mission can
trigger a war with the Klingons.
And by one's self is immoral nature.
Maybe we should will gândiþi
as to ajungeþi one to this conclusion.
Captain Kirk.
I ofiþerul of scientific Wallace.
I was
Enterprise appointed Admiral Marcus.
These are transfer orders.
Asked Aces
still a ofiþer of scientific, Captain?
I'd like it.
Lt. Carol Wallace
PhD in Applied Physics,
specialization: advanced weaponry.
- Recommendations impressive.
- Thanked.
But superfluous now that I'm back
May milked never hurts.
- Sit down, Doctor.
Prepare yourself for takeoff.
Do not sign anything.
These demons had on my ship.
- There are problems, Mr. Scott?
I was just explaining to Mr.
they can not accept weapons on board
without having to know what's inside them.
- Mr. Scott revealed to you a obiecþie ...
- Report to the bridge.
Mr. Scott, understanding their care, but we
need these torpedoes on board.
With all due respect, sir, but torpedoes
Photonic fuel use.
I can not even detect
what fuel
is in compartments
torpedoes, because they are shielded.
I asked to see the plans,
but he told me ...
- Secret.
- There are secret.
So I said, "I do not see plans
do not sign anything. "
Captain.
We completed.
We are ready to go.
- Thanked Mr. Sulu.
Scuzaþi me, sir, I'm
to start the warp core.
Get off.
Jim, your vital signs
not look good.
Report to sickbay.
Scotty!
I want to give approval for weapons.
- And what is this Tisi, Captain?
- No time for Discus, Scotty.
- I Tisi what is this?
- Warp core.
It's a radioactive catastrophe
waiting.
A minor change
magentic field
caused by the release of several dozen
The load torpedoes unknown
can trigger the launch of a reacþie
that will kill the crew.
Storage torpedoes on board
Enterprise is the last straw.
- And that was the first drop?
- What ...
There are a lot of drops.
What ziceþi the fact that the fleet
I seized ECUAS transwarp?
A fool uses it now
as to SOPA the galaxy.
How do you think took it?
- We have orders, Scotty.
- That scares me.
It's a military operas.
That we now?
I think we're explorers.
Sign up for torpedoes.
That's an order.
I Keep all other Options
than to resign depending.
- Come on, Scotty.
- Do not give your choice, sir.
- I do not give a choice.
- Not a passive assist ...
I acceptaþi or quit?
Are you free, Mr. Scott.
Jim.
For God's sake,
do not use torpedoes.
Captain, I'm sorry
to Admiral Pike.
We all are.
- We simþiþi right?
- Yes, thanked, lt.
Scotty just resigned.
And your friend criticize me
everywhere.
Sorry, I have to say this,
but I wish sometimes
to extricate them bangs.
- Maybe it's me ...
- No sunteþi.
No?
Stay least.
We certaþi?
Rather not talk about it.
Lord, how it be?
You gossip.
Captain on the bridge!
Captain.
Mr. Chekov.
You keep itself after Mr. Scott.
Engineering know me better?
- Affirmative, sir.
- Okay.
Are you new chief engineer.
Put the uniform red.
Yes, Captain.
Take anchors, Mr. Sulu.
Yes, sir.
Lt. Uhura, open
a channel for the ship.
Mr. Chekov, what's the deal there?
- All systems running, Captain.
- We understandable.
- We are ready to warp to your order
- Thanked, Mr. Chekov.
- Okay, let's do it.
- Yes, sir.
Canal opened, sir.
Warning, the crew of the Enterprise.
So how do you Tisi, Christopher Pike
former captain of the ship
And our friend
died.
Whoever killed him ran
of our
And hides
the Klingon Homeworld.
Believe that we dare
follow him there.
But there we go now.
Admiral Marcus ordered to avoid veiling
with any media to be detectaþi.
Relations between the Federation
And the Klingon Empire are strained
And any challenge
can lead to war and Gaza.
I will personally lead
a team of intervention
in a town abandoned
on suprafaþa Kronos.
There we will capture fugitive
John Harrison,
And it will bring the Earth
to be judged for his actions.
Well, to catch the bastard.
Kirk finished.
Captain, I would take a good decision.
If you need the help, I'd be happy
accompanied the team to the intervention.
You happy?
Try using your expressions
to convey an idea.
Thanked, Mr. Spock.
Spock, you scared me.
What's up, Doc?
- Check the torpedoes ...
- Did you not understandable.
What are you doing on board?
There is no document confirming
transfer to the Enterprise.
- Must be a mistake.
- I agree, Dr. Marcus.
But the identity of privinþa mins in your.
Wallace is your mother's name.
Admiral's suppose your father.
Please, Spock.
I know I have no right
to ask.
But please ...
Can not know we're here.
Engineering has stopped
suddenly warp core, sir.
Mr. Chekov, you ruined my ship?
Sorry, sir.
I do not know what happened.
The core was overheating.
I was forced to stop the emergency.
Must be a fault in the cooling system.
I need time to find her.
- I'm sorry, Captain.
- Yes.
Mr. Sulu, while there is
until destinaþie?
20.
20 minutes into spaces enemy
they do not predict.
Then hurry.
- Where is Spock?
- I'm here, Captain.
Come with me on Kronos.
- Lieutenant, how's Klingon language?
- I've never practiced it, but I got it.
Okay, and you live.
Do I expect problems
the two of you working together?
Absolutely not.
Uncertain.
We meet in hangar.
Jim, just will not dispose there
is not it?
Do you rob a bank machine
which has a run flat tire.
I'm sure Engineering
'll finish repairs
until we get back.
Right, Mr. Chekov?
I'll do my best.
Mr. Sulu, take over.
When you leave, I was sent
a message to Harrison's position.
Tell him you have some massive torpedos
ASINT directly to him
If you oppose Resistance
And is not afraid to uses you.
- Is there a problem?
- No, sir.
But we were never
in the captain's chair.
You're fine.
Jim, wait.
You just put
In a game of huge stakes poker
Without a good book
Like to play the bluff.
Sulu is a good man,
but he has cloth captain.
You'll have the following
two hours.
Now stop with the metaphors.
That's an order.
Mr. Sulu, make sure that the ship
k'normianã is ready to fly.
Provisional Captain Sulu
by Hangar 2.
I want merchantman captured
the incident last month Mudd
to be fueled and ready to fly.
Captain Kirk is headed
right now on it.
Ready for action, Captain.
Renunþaþi in red uniforms.
Sunteþi traficanþi k'normieni weapons.
Îmbrãcaþi yourself with this.
If operaþiunea is compromised, the involvement
Fleet must remain a secret.
Unless you want to switch on your
a war, Mr. Hendorff.
- No, sir.
Good.
Neither do I.
Detecting a single sign of vias
Keth Province.
Given the information
offered by Mr. Scott,
is likely
be John Harrison.
Mr. Sulu, I found the guy.
Announced that it no joke.
Warning, John Harrison.
Here Captain Hikaru Sulu
of the USS Enterprise.
A shuttle to the elite ofiþeri
is heading to your position.
If they do not surrender immediately
launched an all cargo
advanced long range torpedo
ASINT to your position.
You have two minutes to confirm
that you comply.
Refusal will result
consequence your annihilation.
If you put me to the test,
a to e and uezi.
Mr. Sulu.
Remind me never to get on your nerves.
I Kronos
We arrive at Harrison's position
three minutes, Captain.
It's unlikely to come willingly.
Estimated as the opportunity to try
to kill us it's 91.6%.
Fantastic.
Well that does not care about death.
Sorry, lt.
I hear you ...
I said nothing.
So much talk and well
If you stay I asculþi.
- BAIES ....
- I'd rather discuss in private.
You prefer not to talk at all.
- Our plans ...
- You do not începeþi now?
You never time.
I'm sorry, Captain.
Only two seconds.
When the volcano were not you thought
not to us
about how I'd be affected
If you die, Spock.
You SIMS anything.
He did not care.
And not only upset
on you.
And the captain's
I'm not in the middle bagasse.
He's right.
Afirmaþia I do not care
Death is not correct.
The chance optimum aware fiinþelor
to maximize efficiency and
is a Vias long and prosper.
- Great.
- It sounds like a song of love, Spock.
Did not understandable aces.
It's true that we have chosen
do not feel anything
when I realized
that my life of approaching end.
When Admiral Pike died
I researched a science con.
I lived that moment morþii Sims him.
Anger, confusion, loneliness.
Fear.
May had experienced these feelings
And before
a thousand times more powerful
the day my world was destroyed.
I chose to stop living
ever these feelings.
Nyota, confusing my choice
SIMS not
with an expression of indifference.
But I assure you that the truth
exactly the opposite.
What the hell was that?
What is happening?
What step signal?
We interrupted.
Try
to reconnect.
We urmãriþi of a ship
Klingon D4 class.
- I think it's an area abandoned.
- Is it just a routine patrol.
Hold on tight.
Our ship has
capacitãþi offensive.
He's got us.
Engines within.
Damn.
Is fast approaching.
285 direction.
We can get rid of them there.
Sugeraþi use passage
of buildings in the bud.
- The ship would fit.
- It fits.
- Captain, would fit.
- No room.
Room!
And I said that room.
Not a good example.
- I never tracked?
- No.
That worries me.
- I got rid of them.
- Or we jamming sensors.
Or we get rid of them.
We are ordered to land.
Captain, they want to know
why I came here.
I'll torture us,
a question to us,
And then kill us.
So come out with gun in hand.
We are overwhelmed Armoured numerically
înarmaþi weak.
We die Tosi
If you attack first.
I got aces and me
Because speaking Klingon.
Leave the talking to me.
I'll go.
It's only logical Options.
If an interrupt now
you will not only angry Klingons
but also on lt.
Uhura.
We're here to help.
- Lieutenant.
- Thanked, Captain.
Looking for a killer.
It hides the ruins them.
He killed people milking.
Why should I care about a man
Al and that kills people?
Because I Hold the honor.
He has no honor.
You and your peers
sunteþi in danger.
- Lower weapon!
- How many torpedoes?
Lower your weapon!
Torpedoes!
Weapons threatens me with aces
in your message.
How many?
72.
I surrender.
In the name of Christopher Pike
my friend
accept their surrender.
Captain!
Put the handcuffs.
- Bones, come in the area of ??detention.
- Immediately.
Lt, contact Starfleet.
I announced that we got Harrison
in custody
And that we leave immediately
're done repairs to the warp core.
- Why the hell did he teach?
- Do not know.
A shattered one
a detachment of Klingons.
I want to know how.
Looks like we have a Superman board.
You tell me.
Get Bras through openings.
Her to take a blood sample.
Why not move, Captain?
Somehow a fault unexpected
the warp core
that you accidentally left the floating
the edge of space Klingon?
- How the hell do you know that?
- Bones.
You will find that Desin
pression information, Captain.
- Have you finished?
Tell me what you have learned.
If I ignore it, Tosi those
the ship will die.
Captain, will try
only manipulate you.
I do not recommend
Let interacþionaþi with deþinutul.
Give me a minute.
Come to explain the situation.
You're a criminal.
I saw you killed
nevinovaþi people.
We received the authorization to get liquid.
Are you still in the ViaSat ago
Just because I allow such a thing.
So shut up.
Captain, you're going
and let me love you once and once again
Up Bras hurt?
It is clear that you want.
Then tell me.
- Why did you afford to live?
- We take Tosi mistakes.
I handed strand because
despite your attempts
to convince me of the opposite
It seems you have a con a science, Mr. Kirk.
If you did not have, I would be impossible
tell yourself the truth.
23 ...
17 ...
46 ...
11.
Coordinates not far from Earth.
If you want to know
why I committed those acts,
Go and take a look.
Give me one reason
which you and listen.
Can they figure 72.
I'm on board your ship, Captain.
That's always been.
They suggest you open a torpedo.
You know what bothers me?
Changes, Improvements.
And so I flew here on the ship.
Just because I tried
to do the right thing.
And what do you do?
State and look at me as a clam.
- What?
- Scotty, are Kirk.
Taman Captain James Tiberius
Perfect Hair.
Have you heard?
I said perfect hair.
- Where are you?
- But where are you?
Are you drunk?
It's my business what I do
free time, Jim.
I need your help.
Possible to record these coordinates:
23, 17, 46, 11?
- You write?
- You think I do not remember four numbers and N?
Do not trust me.
- What was the third?
- 46.
I do not know what to clamp
but I think
Know that one when I see it.
I think you were right
in privinþa torpedoes.
I take that as an excuse.
I think about it.
- You quit.
- You've forced!
Mr. Scott!
Scotty!
I arrived.
I'll do him no favor.
No!
Very well.
You þicnit all?
You're not going to asculþi
this guy.
Pike killed him,
was to kill you and you,
And now think it's a good idea to open
Because a torpedo so and told him?
What saved the life of us, Bones?
Doctor's right, Captain.
I do not approve, Spock.
I feel uncomfortable.
Should you invest and
to control of emotions, Doc.
- In this situation, logic dictates ...
- Logic!
A maniac trying to make us
Let us alone in the air
And you all talk ...
I do not know what to teach,
But that's the reason.
I'll open a torpedo.
The question is how?
Jim, without Mr. Scott on board
Who's ready
to dismantle
four tons of explosives?
Daughter of Admiral's interesting
torpedo and is skilled in weapons.
Maybe we can help it.
Daughter of Admiral?
Carol Marcus.
New ofiþer of scientific climbed the ship
with a false identity.
And when were you going to tell me?
When it became relevant.
Just got.
Torpedoes in the hold weapons?
Charged and ready for launch.
What are they?
I do not know.
So I transferred
your ship as you know.
I apologize for that.
If you had problems because my
sorry.
- I'm Carol Marcus.
- James Kirk.
Torpedoes!
My dad gave me access
all weapons programs.
Then I heard that handles
The design of torpedo us.
When I went to ask for explanations,
did not even want to see me.
Then I discovered that photons
had disappeared from official documents.
I gave them to me.
Are you smarter than suggested
the reputation you, Captain Kirk.
I have the reputation?
Yes, we are friends
Christine Chapel.
Christine, yes.
How is she?
It was transferred as a nurse
outer border.
- I like it better there.
- Very good.
You have no idea who I'm talking about,
What are we doing here?
- Shuttle is ready to fly?
- Of course.
- Come back, please.
- Why?
Come back.
It's too dangerous to try
to open a torpedo Enterprise.
But there is a nearby planetoid.
Can I open one there.
But I'm gonna need help ...
Now!
Captain on the bridge.
Mr. Sulu, Drs Marcus
McCoy and landed on the planetoid?
Yes, sir.
Right now prepare torpedo.
Activity Detected Klingon?
Not yet, but if I stay
time here, we will find it.
Lt. Uhura, have announced fleet
I got that Harrison?
I received no reply.
Engineering to bridge.
Captain, I heard?
Mr. Chekov, give me some good news.
I found fault, sir,
but damage is important.
- Fix them now.
- You know what was the cause?
No, sir.
But I take responsibility.
Something tells me that was not your fault.
Continue repairs.
The shuttle is the reception hall, Captain.
Bones, that we thanked adjustments.
Dr. Marcus will need
The best hands on the ship.
When I dreamed of a planet
Abandoned alongside a gorgeous woman,
there was no torpedo.
Dr. McCoy, they remember
that you're not there to flirt.
How can I help hands
My legendary Dr. Marcus?
To see how strong
these weapons must open warhead.
This requires to access
fuel compartment.
Unfortunately for us,
torpedo warhead's a little unstable.
Honey, I did once a cesarean
the emergency on a female Gorn.
Eight children.
And micuþii
ã knew know how to bite.
I think I got your rocket.
Dr. McCoy, is a bundle
fiber cable on the inner wrapper.
You have to cut the 23th thread down.
Whatever you do, do not touch anything else.
- You understandable?
- Yes.
I do not even think of.
Dr. McCoy, wait for my signal.
Reprogram processor detonation.
- Are you ready?
- And yet how.
Success.
- Sir, torpedo was armed.
- Warhead will explode in 30 seconds.
What the hell happened?
I can not get my BRAS.
Fixaþi signal them
And teleportaþi them back now.
Conveyor not know how to distinguish it
Dr. McCoy torpedo.
We can not teleport separately.
- Dr. Marcus, a possible disarm?
- Trying.
- Jim Beam it here.
- No.
If I teleport, he dies.
Let me do it.
10, 9, 8 ..
We are ready to teleport a
Dr. Marcus to your order, sir.
4, 3 ...
Shit!
Torpedoed off, Captain.
Dr. McCoy, are you okay?
Bones.
Jim?
You need to see this.
I Coordinates 23.17.46.11
Jupiter
Reduce speed propellers
Approaching the bud.
USS Vengeance, the crew requested Punþii
entrance to the hangar construction.
Aves permission to intrasite the hangar.
I need a team
Welding in one basket.
Damn ...
- What aces found?
- A ciudãþenie.
Fuel compartment
was removed and modified torpedo
cryotube to hide this.
- Is he alive?
But if you try to wake him
without an appropriate procedure,
could die.
This technology overcomes me up.
- How far is it, Doc?
- No advance.
Cryotube is ancient.
I was no need to hustle
anyone
since I discovered warp drive.
Which explains the most interesting
aspect of our friend.
Is 300 years.
Why is a man torpedo?
There are people in all torpedoes,
captain.
I put myself there.
Who the hell are you?
Vestige of bygone times.
Genetically modified to be superior
as to lead the ALSI to peace
in a world crushed by wars.
But I was condamnaþi as you some criminals
obliged to exile we take.
I slept for centuries,
hoping that things
will be different when we wake up.
But due to the destruction of Vulcan,
Your fleet began to investigate
frenetic remote sector of space.
My ship was found
drift.
But I was awake.
We sought information about John Harrison.
Until a year ago did not exist.
John Harrison was an illusion created
when I was awakened by Admiral Marcus
as to help him in his plans.
A firewall designed
I hide my true identity.
My name is Khan.
Why would an admiral for help
a man frozen for 300 years?
Because I'm better.
- What?
- At all.
Alexander Marcus had to respond
a threat uncivilized
in civilized times.
Therefore need
the mind of a warrior,
my mind
to design
weapons and warships.
Admiral suggested that violated all
rules sworn to observe
just because he wanted
to exploit the intellect?
I wanted to exploit cruelty.
Intellect is not enough to fight,
Mr. Spock.
# Do not even step a possible rule
How would you like to step over dead bodies?
Marcus I used
as weapons design,
that helped him accomplish and
dream of a militarized Fleets.
I sent you
you uses your weapons.
My torpedoes launched
secretly against a planet.
And then he sabotaged the ship
like to stay in enemy space,
easy mark
an inevitable consequences.
Klingons were
to seek the offender,
And you have not had
any chance of escape.
Marcus would take part
The war was talking about.
War you wanted.
No.
I saw opening fire
on a room
neînarmaþi ofiþeri filled.
You killed in cold blood!
Marcus took my crew.
You're a criminal!
She used friends
that to control me.
I tried to take them in a safe place
hiding them in weapons
they project.
But I was found.
I had no choice.
I ran alone.
And when I ran, I
every reason to believe
Marcus that I killed those Tosi
which itself most.
I replied with the same currency.
My crew is my family, Kirk.
You did not do anything
for your family?
Proximity alert, sir.
A ship coming towards us at warp speed.
- Klingons?
- The warp?
No, Kirk.
We both know who it is
I think not.
Not coming from the direction of Kronos.
Lt, take him to the infirmary Khan.
Be preserved for six ofiþeri security.
Yes, Captain.
Captain on the bridge.
- How long get here?
- Over three seconds, sir.
- Shields.
- Yes, Captain.
Hailing us, sir.
On screen.
Transmitted throughout the ship.
Captain Kirk.
Admiral Marcus, it will wait.
Stra and Nica ship Aves.
Neither do I expected to hear
that you've got Harrison live
Despite orders.
I was improvising nevoiþi
the warp core
defect was unexpected.
- But you and Tias already, right?
- Not understanding what you mean.
Therefore aces came, did not you?
That we ajutaþi with repairs.
Why else would come just
Fleet Commander
the edge of the Neutral Zone?
- Captain, we ship scans.
- Cãutaþi something, sir?
Where is deþinutul, Kirk?
According to Starfleet rules, I'm going
Khan to go on the Earth
to be tried.
Shit.
Have you talked to him.
Exactly what I wanted to avoid.
I took a risk
when I woke up miserable.
I thought his inteligenþa top
Will you help us defend our
any hazards
will meet in the future.
But I made a mistake.
And now my hands
the blood of the people killed.
Please teach it to me
like to finish what I started.
And what vres to do
the crew, sir?
To launch to the Klingons
And to Persimmon 72 Vies?
To start a war at the same time?
He and his men in the torpedo.
I did not want to bother you unnecessarily
Knowing what's inside them.
Have you seen what he's capable to do
alone.
She imagined what would happen
If we wake up and the ceilalþi?
What he said?
Fighting for peace?
Play with you, son.
Do not you see?
Khan and his crew were condamnaþi
to death as a war criminal.
And now it is our duty
perform this sentinþã
before to die
And because of someone else.
Do you ever ask it again.
For the last time, son.
Lowers shields.
Tell me where it
It's in Engineering, sir.
But it'll be right
the transporter room.
I'll take care of him.
- Do not lower the shields, Mr. Sulu.
Khan is in the infirmary
And that you and Tisi.
Can I know the details of your plan?
I told Marcus that will bring
a fugitive on the earth.
That'll do.
Mr. Chekov, we warp?
Sir, if you go to warp,
you risk serious damage core.
Can they do it?
From a technical standpoint, yes,
but I do not recommend, Captain.
They recorded.
Mr. Sulu, sets a course for Earth.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead.
At least we move again.
If you credeþi in Safety at warp
lets you know ELAS.
Lt. Uhura, contact Fleet.
Tell them that I was in the neutral zone urmãriþi
of a Federation Starship unknown.
Communications not working, sir.
- Permission to enter the bridge.
- Dr. Marcus.
You'll catch us and only I
can not stop him to destroy the ship.
- Let me talk to him.
- Carol, are the warp.
- We can catch up.
- Yes.
The ship is an advanced model
with superior performance ...
Captain, recepþionez data
you are not understanding.
- Where are we?
- At 237,000 miles from Earth.
- Damage report.
- Weapons not working.
We can not fight back.
We have a breakthrough in the hull.
- What damages have?
- The hull is badly damaged, Captain.
Evasive maneuvers.
Your right to point the Earth.
Wait.
Everyone on the ship
they die
If not you let me talk to him.
Uhura, call them.
Sir, are you, Carol.
What causa on that ship?
I heard what you said.
You made a mistake and now they're
Silins and a whole îndrepþi.
But, Dad ...
I do not think the man that I grew
is able
to destroy a vessel
full of innocent people.
And if I be wrong, then you
they destroy it with me on board.
No, Carol.
- Jim.
- We can intercept the transmission signal?
No, sir.
Carol!
Captain Kirk without any Authorized
And in aiding
the fugitive John Harrison
You deserted enemy territory.
I have other Options
than follow you and destroy you.
- Aþintiþi phasers.
- Stas!
Over quickly.
Þintiþi torpedoes
the aft deck to the Enterprise.
Sir, my crew just follow orders.
I take responsibility
for my actions.
I myself took the decisions.
If you submit coordinates
Khan, Please send me cruþaþi crew.
Please, sir.
I'll do whatever you want.
But Keep all them live.
Impressive sorry.
So you better sims, you know that anyway
I was not going to Cruse crew.
Fire at will.
I'm sorry.
- Weapons can not shoot, sir.
- Shields are down.
We have no energy.
Someone in Engineering
systems reiniþializat us.
What do you mean man?
Who?
Their guns were deactivated.
Enteprise, I heard?
Scotty!
- Guess what I found near Jupiter.
- Are you on the ship!
Right.
And I just committed an act of treason
against a Starfleet admiral.
I'd like to leave now.
Beam me.
You're brilliant, but not much
energy now.
Stay on the reception hall.
What do you mean Aves energy?
What stepped Enterprise?
Apelaþi me.
Spock, the ship's status?
The options are our
limited, Captain.
We can not shoot, can not run.
We have however an Option.
Uhura, Scotty when he contacted,
Put him with me.
- Yes, sir.
- Mr. Spock, take over.
Captain, you must object.
What?
I said nothing.
Since we can not defeat
of the outer vessel,
Options only
is to attack from the inside.
And how big a team intervention
would be detected,
staff should be minimized.
Vesi welcome Resistance,
So you need the one
with advanced combat abilitãþi
Tins and knowing details of the ship.
That suggests to me
vres that you alias with Khan
man had to omorâþi.
I'm not team up, but I use it.
The enemy of the enemy is my friend my.
An Arab proverb attributed to a trapped
betrayed and beheaded subjected ITS.
It's a good saying.
- I'm with you, Captain.
- I need you on the bridge.
Faces you can not let it.
My role is to make sure the ship
that I had the best decisions possible
thing you do not believe in state
at this point.
You are right!
What you are about to do does not make sense,
Does not make sense, it's instinctive.
I have no idea what to do.
I just know what I can do.
Enterprise and her crew need
a captain who knows what to do.
Not me.
It's you, Spock.
Tell me what you know about that ship.
Class Dreadnought.
Twice
more than three times faster.
Advanced weaponry, as amended
to functional with minimum crew.
Unlike other Federation ships,
is built only for battle.
I will do everything in my power
that you pay for what you did.
But now I need your help.
What I offer in return?
You said you'd do anything
your crew.
- I can not guarantee their safety.
- Captain.
Not possible to guarantee
not even the safety of your crew.
Bones, what are you doing with that tribble?
Tribble's dead.
Inject platelets Khan
in infected þesuturile
necrotic host.
Khan's cells regenerate
an amazing pace.
I want to know why.
Come with me or not?
What do you do?
We'll be there.
Sulu poziþioneazã
Enterprise right now.
Here the ship?
How?
On a service door in bay 7
Section 101A.
You need to find yourself commands
The corecþie and to open airlock.
Are you crazy?
Whoever you are.
Listen to it, Scotty.
It'll be fine.
Ba not be right.
Want to open an airlock to space.
Risk to die or explode.
Lieutenant, is it possible to make contact
the new Vulcan from current position?
- I'll try.
- Thanked.
Mr. Sulu, which is the state
other ships?
Their systems are all inactive.
Align the ship now.
Scotty's the deal there?
Captain, I'd like to Hear from You
best.
They blocked access to the ship's computer.
Weapons are functional again
three minutes.
And I will not be able to stop
to destroy Enterprise.
Rãmâneþi the reception hall.
Commander, garbage chute is directed
to Section 101A of the other ship.
Captain ships are aligned.
Recepþionat.
- Scotty.
- I'm in the hangar.
Give me a second.
Allergy.
Wait for.
I do not know, Captain.
The door is a pinhole ...
is very small.
The four feet of Patras.
It's as if the Aces jump
of a car in motion
on a bridge in a glass of water.
It's nothing.
I've done this.
And it was harder.
Should jump on O. ..
- Does not matter.
Scotty!
- Find corecþie commands?
Not yet.
Captain, before you switch on,
you better and Tisi
that there is a debris field
between ships.
Spock, not now.
Scotty, you're doing?
Give me two seconds, punk.
Tell me it will work.
I have information or trust
sufficient to say, Doc.
Wait, Captain.
You all quiet.
I'm ready to open a door
- Are you ready?
- You're?
Spock Press.
Executing secvenþa launch in 3 ...
2 ...
1 ...
Mr. Kirk is heading
to a collision at 0.32.
- Captain, Aves remains directly in the bud.
- Recepþionat.
Jim, you kick bad.
I know.
And see me.
Do not move.
Use the compass viewfinder, Captain.
Is required corecþie
of 37.243 degrees.
We understandable.
Returning back to the course.
Scotty, you're ready to open the door?
What are you doing here?
A minor revision to the console airlock.
You're great.
Mr. Scott, where are you?
Captain, it appears that he will not hear.
Trying to reconnect.
- Damn.
- Captain, what is it?
The viewfinder is hit.
Uhura, tell me
that Mr. Scott responding again.
Not yet.
Trying
restore the signal.
Funcþioneazã communicator.
I do not know do not respond.
What is that?
Are you a member of the Fleet
or private employee?
- Show and my other hand.
- Aras as a private employee.
Impending collision alert.
Khan uses evasive actions.
Are leftovers right in the bud.
See them.
I signal Khan lost.
- Mr. Sulu, I lost Khan?
- I do not know, Commander.
It is difficult to detect
by this debris.
- Khan was hit?
- Try to find him now.
Captain, you must Change the
destinaþia: 183 by 47.3 degrees.
Spock, the viewfinder is not working.
Flight at random.
Captain, without compass
achieve the intended purpose is impossible
from a mathematical perspective.
Spock, after you get back, you
to talk about your clock.
Commander, I'll succeed EASC.
My visor still funcþioneazã.
You see, Kirk.
You're 200 feet
in front of my right.
Make a corecþie two degrees
And follow me.
Scotty, we're approaching.
Receive ready?
I recepþionezi?
I recepþionezi, Scotty?
If we hear, Mr. Scott,
open door in 10 ...
- 9 ...
What's this countdown?
I hear nothing.
7 ...
- Where are you, Mr. Scott?
- 6 ...
- 1800 meters ...
1600 ....
- 5 ...
- Scotty, where are you?
- 3 ...
We arrive, Scotty!
Please!
- I'm sorry.
- For what?
- Mr. Scott, opens a door
- Open the door!
Now!
Welcome aboard.
I'm glad to see you, Scotty.
Who is he?
Khan, it's Scotty.
Scotty, this is Khan.
Welcome.
I and they realize we're here.
I know the best way to bridge.
I'm stuck on stun.
- Theirs will not be.
- File not attempt to shoot pot cheeses.
Commander, we have established links
aces that I requested.
On the screen, please.
Admiral.
Discussion ...
I'm ashamed to be your daughter.
Sir, they opened the door of a hangar
axle 13.
Khan.
A to-and recently activated systems
And we take it away?
Turbolifts can be traced easily.
Marcus ensnare us.
This road leads
besides Engineering.
And will not use weapons
that does not destabilize the warp core.
We take advantage.
- Where did you find that?
- It's a long story.
I'll be brief.
In your travels, have you met
ever a man named Khan?
As you know, I swore
not to reveal information
which may
to change their destiny.
You have to follow their own path.
That being said,
Khan Noonien Singh was
most dangerous adversary
which has faced Enterprise.
It's brilliant, ruthless
And will not hesitate to kill Tosi.
Aces defeated him?
Yes, with a high pressure.
I do not want to jinx it,
but where is everyone?
The ship is designed to manned functional
minimum, even if one is needed.
One?
- Are you all right?
Where is Khan?
Lt, I gathered Tosi ofiþerii
doctors and engineers hold weapons.
All right.
Dr. McCoy, you inadvertently activated
a torpedo.
Possible repeat the process?
- Why would I want to do this?
- Possible or not?
I'm a doctor, not mechanical torpedoes!
Just 'cause you're doctor
I want to get the attention asculþi.
Where is it?
Shit!
Follow me.
When we get to the bridge, to sleep.
Khan paralyzed him?
I think it will.
November helped him.
- We have energy again, sir.
- Enterprise Þintiþi again.
Take care and remain a
Excuse me.
Admiral Marcus, sunteþi arrested.
You did not do that, do you?
Admiral, Lift from your chair.
Think for a minute
what are you, Kirk.
Think about what you
Kronos made.
You led an incursion
enemy planet.
You killed a Klingon patrol.
Even if you escape undetected,
all war will break out.
And who's going to lead?
You?
It must remain in charge,
all our way of vias
going to be destroyed.
If you want to leave the ship,
will have to kill me.
I'll kill you, sir.
But can paralyze you
And pluck you out of the chair.
I'd rather not do
in front of your daughter
- Are you okay?
- Yes, Captain.
Jim!
Listen!
Hold on!
And I must to sleep.
Where's the captain, Mr. Sulu?
Sensors not working, sir.
I can not locate.
I have a simple proposal for you.
- Captain!
- Your crew my crew instead.
You betrayed us.
Isteþ What are you, Mr. Spock.
Spock, no ...
Mr. Spock, give me crew.
What will you do after I give?
We'll continue our work
before the exile.
Including, as far as I know,
genocide fiinþelor
they consideraþi lower.
To destroy you, Mr. Spock?
Or give me what I want?
Our carriers do not.
Luckily, mine funcþioneazã
perfectly.
Lowers shields.
If I do that, I have no warranty
that will not destroy the Enterprise.
Then you take it logically, Mr. Spock.
First, a master to kill
as to demonstrate my determination,
And if you still do not give in,
I'll have no choice
than to kill you
And all your crew.
If you destroy the ship,
He'll kill and peers.
Your crew needs oxygen
as to supravieþuiascã.
Mine do not.
I will Sinti systems Supports
Behind the nacelle aft of life.
And after what you sufocaþi with Tosi,
'll step over your dead bodies
to get my people.
I start?
A choice înþeleaptã, Mr. Spock.
I see the 72 torpedoes
are still in their tubes.
You'll realize
If you are not mine, Commander.
Vulcans do not lie.
Torpedoes are yours.
Thanked, Mr. Spock.
We respect understanding.
Respect her and you.
Kirk's time to go back
to your crew.
After all,
No vessel shall not perish
without its captain.
A ASINT phasers at us, sir.
Dasi us out.
Shields at 6%.
Torpedoes.
How long is it, Lieutenant.
?
12 seconds, sir.
The crew of the Enterprise, Prepare yourself
to detonate nearby.
What are you talking about?
What is detonation?
A primed torpedoes.
Sir, I deactivated guns.
- A good move, Commander.
- Thanked, lt.
- Bones!
- Sister!
I'm glad to see you, Jim.
You helped Spock
to detonate torpedoes?
- Of course.
- He killed his crew Khan.
Spock is not of emotions, but not cruel.
I saved the crew of Khan.
72 human crowd,
alive and unharmed in cryovials.
Bastard!
Sir, Network Central
supply fails.
- Treceþi on auxiliary power.
- And it fails.
Commander, the ship is caught
gravitaþional field of the Earth.
- Can we stop it?
- I can not do anything.
Evacuated area.
The emergency quarantine.
I hope you do not get seasick.
- You?
- Yes.
- Lt, announced evacuate all puns.
- Yes, sir.
As captain provisional
abandonaþi be ordered to ship.
I will stay on board
And I'll transfer all energy
by susþinerea of ??life
And exhaust hangar.
With all due respect, Commander,
we do not go anywhere.
One day I missed the ship.
One day!
Gravitaþionale systems
failing.
Hold on tight.
Evacuation would be impossible unless we
energy to stabilize the ship.
- We can restore power?
- Only in Engineering.
We must return to the warp core.
Jim.
Scotty, we must go
energy.
Come.
We have to jump!
- What?
- Jump!
- God!
The emergency power
is at 15% and dropping.
- Jim.
- Rails yourself.
I can not.
Gotcha, Captain.
- Chekov.
- Do not let go.
Even if our plan works,
still have to divert energy.
- He's right, Captain.
- What are you talking about?
Someone needs to turn
corecþie command.
- And the lad's a catch ...
- Behind parabolicei deflectors.
- I'm going now.
- Let's go.
I initiated evacuation protocol.
I Începeþi evacuation.
Mr. Sulu, divert all energy
available to the stabilizer.
I do my best, sir.
Oh no!
- Injectors are not aligned.
There's no way to divert energy.
The ship is dead, sir.
Is lost.
Yes, it's not
Wait, Jim.
If you go in there, I'll die.
Can you hear me?
Radiation kill us.
I asculþi?
What are you doing?
Open a door
I'm going inside.
The door that shields us from Radiation.
I die before he go up.
You should not climb.
If you do not restore power
And Shields,
We'll be incineraþi
entry into the atmosphere.
- Warp core started again.
- Thrusters, Mr. Sulu.
Thrusters.
Wait for!
- Shields active.
- We have energy again.
Mr. Spock, I stabilized the ship.
It's a miracle.
There is such a thing.
Engineering to bridge.
Mr. Spock.
- Mr. Scott.
- Sir, I came up here.
Grãbiþi sure.
- Open.
- Decontamination not finished yet.
A radiate throughout the compartment.
The door is locked, sir.
How's the ship?
Out of danger.
All right.
Aces rescued the crew.
You used what he wanted Khan
against him.
A good move.
What I have done is your
And that's what you did.
It was logical.
I'm afraid, Spock.
I do not see the hope.
How do you choose not to Sims?
I do not know.
I feel right now.
I wanted to know
Why do not I let you die
why I came back for you.
Because you're my friend.
Khan!
It was close.
Sets destinaþia:
Starfleet Headquarters.
I motors are compromised.
Landing uncertain.
I Confirm Order.
Confirm.
Scanaþi enemy ship
After the signal lifetime.
Sir, no one could supravieþui.
He could.
Yes, sir.
He just jumped 30 meters.
We can teleport?
Damages are too high.
Not recepþionez signal.
But can you beam
on your foot, sir.
Go after him.
- Be ready to receive and your coordinates.
Position: 351 752 519.
Coordinates confirmed.
Aduceþi a cryotube.
Now!
Remove this from cryotube it on.
Hold him in a coma.
I'll put him on Kirk inside.
It's our only chance
the functions to maintain its brain.
- What's left of the blood of Khan?
- Nothing.
Enterprise to Spock.
Spock!
Activate cryogenic secvenþa.
McCoy to bridge.
I can not contact Spock.
I need Khan in lifetime.
Aduceþi the bastard back on board.
I think it can save Kirk.
- He can teleport the ship?
- They all move.
I can not lock on.
Go to teleport someone there?
Spock, no!
Turns out!
to save Kirk.
- What is it?
- Male.
To call Jim.
Your father was captain of the ship.
I challenge you to excel.
Stop being so melodramatic.
Do not die well.
Transfusion you exhausted.
- You spent two weeks in bed.
- Transfusion?
Your cells were heavily irradiated.
I had no choice.
Khan?
After we got him, we synthesized
blood serum of miraculous.
Do you have any criminal impulses,
Sims get a power-hungry tyrant?
No more than usual.
How did you get it?
I did not get it.
You saved my lifetime.
I came and I with Uhura
a hand.
I saved the life of aces
me and the whole crew ...
Thanked.
You're welcome, Jim.
Will always find someone
that would do us harm.
As to stop, the risk of expect
same evil within us.
Our first impulse
is to seek revenge
when we lose loved ones.
But that's us.
We are here today
that you renamed USS Enterprise.
And to honor those
that and lost life of a year ago.
When Christopher Pike gave me ship
I asked to recite the oath captain.
Words whose importance
not understanding then.
But now they look
as a call to remember
who was formerly
And who should be back.
And these words ...
Of space, the final frontier.
These are the voyages
of space ship Enterprise.
Its mission five years:
to explore strange new worlds and ...
...
to discover new forms of vias
And we civilization ...
to presume where one
has gone before.
Captain on the bridge.
It's hard to exits your
Once you ordinary.
Not so, Mr. Sulu?
Call Bina title of captain.
It's you, sir.
Mr. Scott, how's warp core?
Purrs like a pisicuþã, Captain.
He's ready for a long trip.
Excellent.
Come on, Bones.
It'll be fun.
Five years in space.
Hello.
Doctor Marcus.
Nice
you came into our family.
It's good to have a family.
- Spock.
- Captain.
Where to go?
Since I had a place
mission so long,
leave the decision in your mind, Captain.
Mr. Sulu, start.
Yes, Captain.